@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.28 2010/09/13 12:43:16 asau Exp $
bin/chicken
bin/chicken-bug
bin/chicken-install
bin/chicken-profile
bin/chicken-status
bin/chicken-uninstall
bin/csc
bin/csi
include/chicken-config.h
include/chicken.h
lib/chicken/5/chicken.import.so
lib/chicken/5/csi.import.so
lib/chicken/5/data-structures.import.so
lib/chicken/5/extras.import.so
lib/chicken/5/files.import.so
lib/chicken/5/foreign.import.so
lib/chicken/5/irregex.import.so
lib/chicken/5/lolevel.import.so
lib/chicken/5/ports.import.so
lib/chicken/5/posix.import.so
lib/chicken/5/regex.import.so
lib/chicken/5/scheme.import.so
lib/chicken/5/setup-api.import.so
lib/chicken/5/setup-api.so
lib/chicken/5/setup-download.import.so
lib/chicken/5/setup-download.so
lib/chicken/5/srfi-1.import.so
lib/chicken/5/srfi-13.import.so
lib/chicken/5/srfi-14.import.so
lib/chicken/5/srfi-18.import.so
lib/chicken/5/srfi-4.import.so
lib/chicken/5/srfi-69.import.so
lib/chicken/5/tcp.import.so
lib/chicken/5/types.db
lib/chicken/5/utils.import.so
lib/libchicken.a
lib/libchicken.so
lib/libchicken.so.5
man/man1/chicken-bug.1
man/man1/chicken-install.1
man/man1/chicken-profile.1
man/man1/chicken-status.1
man/man1/chicken-uninstall.1
man/man1/chicken.1
man/man1/csc.1
man/man1/csi.1
share/chicken/chicken.png
share/chicken/setup.defaults
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/LICENSE
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/README
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Accessing external objects
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Acknowledgements
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Basic mode of operation
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Bibliography
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Bugs and limitations
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/C interface
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Callbacks
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Cross development
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Data representation
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Declarations
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Deployment
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Deviations from the standard
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Embedding
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Exceptions
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extensions
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extensions to the standard
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Foreign type specifiers
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Getting started
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Interface to external functions and variables
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Locations
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Modules
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Non-standard macros and special forms
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Non-standard read syntax
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Other support procedures
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Parameters
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Supported language
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/The R5RS standard
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/The User's Manual
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit data-structures
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit eval
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit expand
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit extras
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit files
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit library
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit lolevel
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit ports
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit posix
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit regex
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-1
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-13
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-14
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-18
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-4
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-69
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit tcp
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit utils
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Using the compiler
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Using the interpreter
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/faq
