ENTROPY stands for Emerging Network To Reduce Orwellian Potency Yield and as
such describes the main goal of the project.

ENTROPY is developed as a response to increasing censorship and surveillance
in the internet. The program connects your computer to a network of machines
which all run this software. The ENTROPY network is running parallel to the
WWW and also other internet services like FTP, email, ICQ. etc.

For the user the ENTROPY network looks like a collection of WWW pages. The
difference to the WWW however is that there are no accesses to central
servers. And this is why there is no site operator who could log who
downloaded what and when. Every computer taking part in the ENTROPY network
(every node) is at the same time server, router for other nodes, caching
proxy and client for the user: that is You.

After you gained some experience with the ENTROPY network, there are command
line tools for you to insert whole directory trees into the network as a
ENTROPY site. So ENTROPY does for you what a webspace provider does for you
in the WWW - but without the storage and bandwidth costs and without any
regulation or policy as to what kind of content you are allowed to publish.
Everyone can contribute his own ENTROPY site for everybody else to browse
through. The contents is stored in a distributed manner across all available
and reachable nodes and no one can find out about who put up what contents
into the network. Even if your node is not actively running, your contents
can be retrieved by others -- without knowing that it was actually you who
published the files. Of course this is only true if you do not publish your
name (or leave your name or other personal data in the files you publish)
