@comment $NetBSD$
bin/skype
share/applications/skype.desktop
share/doc/skype/LICENSE
share/doc/skype/README
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/skype.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/skype.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Angel Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Architect Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Beach Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Behind Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Business Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Call Me Sweetheart.png
share/skype/avatars/Call Me.png
share/skype/avatars/Carnaval Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Chic Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Christmas Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/College Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/DIY Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/DJ Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Desert Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Designer Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Devil Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Earbud Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Empire Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Fax Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Geisha Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Hula Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Make Skype Not War.png
share/skype/avatars/Metal Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Ninja Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Party Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Pop Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Rice Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Skypahontas.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype 502.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Aid.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Artiste.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Beauty.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Bling.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Boarder.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Brrr... .png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Candy.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Cola.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Cool Shades.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Extreme.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Goaaaaal.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Headset.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Jah.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Jyve.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Safety.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype San.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Shorty.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Smiley.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype Time.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype in a Bag.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype-a-Manger.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype-ahoy.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype-in-one.png
share/skype/avatars/Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Skypers of the Caribbean.png
share/skype/avatars/Star Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Sushi Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/The Skypeness.png
share/skype/avatars/Travel Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Wetsuit Skype.png
share/skype/avatars/Yin Yang Skype.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_128x128.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_16x16.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_24x24.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_256x256.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_32x32.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_48x48.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_64x64.png
share/skype/icons/SkypeBlue_96x96.png
share/skype/skype
share/skype/sounds/CallBusy.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallConnecting.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallFailed.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallHangup.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallHold.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallRemoteHangup.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallResume.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallRingingIn.wav
share/skype/sounds/CallRingingOut.wav
share/skype/sounds/ChatIncoming.wav
share/skype/sounds/ChatIncomingInitial.wav
share/skype/sounds/ChatOutgoing.wav
share/skype/sounds/ContactAdded.wav
share/skype/sounds/ContactAuthRequest.wav
share/skype/sounds/ContactOffline.wav
share/skype/sounds/ContactOnline.wav
share/skype/sounds/SkypeLogin.wav
share/skype/sounds/SkypeLogout.wav
share/skype/sounds/TransferComplete.wav
share/skype/sounds/TransferFailed.wav
share/skype/sounds/TransferRequest.wav
share/skype/sounds/VoicemailReceived.wav
