@comment $NetBSD$
bin/chicken
bin/chicken-bug
bin/chicken-install
bin/chicken-profile
bin/chicken-setup
bin/chicken-status
bin/chicken-uninstall
bin/csc
bin/csi
include/chicken-config.h
include/chicken.h
lib/chicken/4/chicken.import.so
lib/chicken/4/csi.import.so
lib/chicken/4/data-structures.import.so
lib/chicken/4/extras.import.so
lib/chicken/4/files.import.so
lib/chicken/4/foreign.import.so
lib/chicken/4/irregex.import.so
lib/chicken/4/lolevel.import.so
lib/chicken/4/ports.import.so
lib/chicken/4/posix.import.so
lib/chicken/4/regex.import.so
lib/chicken/4/scheme.import.so
lib/chicken/4/setup-api.import.so
lib/chicken/4/setup-api.so
lib/chicken/4/setup-download.import.so
lib/chicken/4/setup-download.so
lib/chicken/4/srfi-1.import.so
lib/chicken/4/srfi-13.import.so
lib/chicken/4/srfi-14.import.so
lib/chicken/4/srfi-18.import.so
lib/chicken/4/srfi-4.import.so
lib/chicken/4/srfi-69.import.so
lib/chicken/4/tcp.import.so
lib/chicken/4/utils.import.so
lib/libchicken.a
lib/libchicken.so
lib/libuchicken.a
lib/libuchicken.so
man/man1/chicken-bug.1
man/man1/chicken-install.1
man/man1/chicken-profile.1
man/man1/chicken-status.1
man/man1/chicken-uninstall.1
man/man1/chicken.1
man/man1/csc.1
man/man1/csi.1
share/chicken/setup.defaults
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/LICENSE
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/README
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Accessing external objects.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Acknowledgements.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Basic mode of operation.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Bibliography.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Bugs and limitations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/C interface.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Callbacks.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Data representation.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Declarations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Deviations from the standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Embedding.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Extensions to the standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Extensions.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Foreign type specifiers.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Interface to external functions and variables.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Locations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Modules and macros.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Non-standard macros and special forms.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Non-standard read syntax.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Other support procedures.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Parameters.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Supported language.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/The User's Manual.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit data-structures.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit eval.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit expand.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit extras.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit files.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit library.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit lolevel.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit ports.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit posix.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit regex.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit srfi-1.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit srfi-13.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit srfi-14.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit srfi-18.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit srfi-4.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit tcp.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Unit utils.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Using the compiler.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/Using the interpreter.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/faq.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/html/manual.css
