@comment $NetBSD$
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Fontana Bold Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Fontana Bold.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Fontana Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Fontana.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Jefferies Bold Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Jefferies Bold.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Jefferies Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Jefferies.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Montalban Condensed Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Montalban Condensed.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Montalban Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Montalban.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Okuda Bold Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Okuda Bold.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Okuda Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Okuda.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Probert Black Italic.otf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Probert Black.otf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Probert Bold Italic.otf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Probert Bold.otf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Probert Italic.otf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Probert.otf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Roddenberry Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Roddenberry.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Sternbach Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Sternbach Outline Italic.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Sternbach Outline.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Sternbach.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Tellarite.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Trek Arrowcaps.ttf
lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Trek Arrowheads.ttf
